ss://YWVzLTEyOC1jZmI6UWF6RWRjVGdiMTU5QCQq@14.29.124.168:24009#ðŸ‡¨ðŸ‡³CN 5 â†’ openitsub.com
ss://YWVzLTEyOC1jZmI6UWF6RWRjVGdiMTU5QCQq@14.29.124.174:11019#ðŸ‡¨ðŸ‡³CN 6 â†’ openitsub.com
ss://YWVzLTEyOC1jZmI6UWF6RWRjVGdiMTU5QCQq@14.29.124.174:11038#ðŸ‡¨ðŸ‡³CN 7 â†’ openitsub.com
ss://cmM0LW1kNTp3ZXFQZlc@hkhe02.nachoneko.shop:18428#ðŸ‡¨ðŸ‡³CN 1 â†’ openitsub.com
ssr://Y25yZWZoazAxLnN0YW5kdXJsLnh5ejo1NjA6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OmNoYWNoYTIwLWlldGY6cGxhaW46YldKc1lXNXJNWEJ2Y25RLz9ncm91cD1VMU5TVUhKdmRtbGtaWEkmcmVtYXJrcz04Si1IcVBDZmg3TWdRMDRnTVRVJm9iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1Namd3TURVNmFHcHJjRzB4TWpN
ssr://Y25yZWZoazAxLnN0YW5kdXJsLnh5ejo1NjA6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OmNoYWNoYTIwLWlldGY6cGxhaW46YldKc1lXNXJNWEJ2Y25RLz9ncm91cD1VMU5TVUhKdmRtbGtaWEkmcmVtYXJrcz04Si1IcVBDZmg3TWdRMDRnTVRjJm9iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1Namd3TURVNmFHcHJjRzB4TWpN
trojan://02e653c9-7c93-46a9-999d-11834bd0c577@132.145.51.172:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡¬ðŸ‡§GB 1 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://137032ae-1bdb-445d-85e0-6edd7d343afb@nice-de02.nicevpn.top:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡©ðŸ‡ªDE 1 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://17ea4c4e-4433-43d0-87d3-b0975d78baba@112.6.212.141:49002?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡¨ðŸ‡³CN 8 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://469eb2d7-c86c-3484-ba85-4f26f0645b9b@do-sg-01.vvsoga.net:1234?allowInsecure=1&sni=jgwdj3.gaox.ml#ðŸ‡¸ðŸ‡¬SG 1 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://7a566d21dfcd0f12490275fd3dd3cfc4@trs02.bolab.net:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡¯ðŸ‡µJP 2 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://7b30dbe2-5fd9-4f87-a733-facef379632b@hk-tj.superyuluo.asia:30002?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡ªðŸ‡ªEE 1 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://9bd937e3-9c36-485a-8273-c3bcb170eafc@1002hk1326.tfzhc.top:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡¨ðŸ‡¦CA 1 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://BXE9notY@nice-jp01.tiktokcdn.buzz:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡¯ðŸ‡µJP 3 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://P9qGW38zz7@nice-jp03.tiktokcdn.buzz:43857?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡¯ðŸ‡µJP 1 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://ZFYOpKqD8uEClpZ2ya83cyCDalwSOYz3F3eCxnBD4eSXNSR5R0aAATj7I3x69g@18.163.249.175:443?allowInsecure=1&sni=golang.protocolbuffer.com#ðŸ‡¨ðŸ‡³CN 2 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://aa12A45bbutassOAm96ahzNlGY@45.11.92.100:8848?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡·ðŸ‡ºRU 1 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://b291d129-ee55-4801-a9b8-b5316e5c37b7@jgwcc3.gaox.ml:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸US 4 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://bb5b1337-fa9e-4e00-b8c6-1110e626171d@sg-01.tiktokcdn.top:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸US 2 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://c09eb137-bf68-4658-84e0-102d94b74168@150.230.217.213:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸US 1 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://e23f408a-012e-4030-8b31-02022031cb50@fhcamd1.gaox.ml:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸US 3 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://f2117e99-9b6e-47fd-b0a9-634a0b15b998@146.56.189.146:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡¯ðŸ‡µJP 4 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://ff37081f-9043-476a-a6ea-854297b06839@15.223.72.22:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡¨ðŸ‡¦CA 2 â†’ openitsub.com
trojan://xxoo@146.19.230.241:443?allowInsecure=1#ðŸ‡«ðŸ‡·FR 1 â†’ openitsub.com
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiA5IOKGkiBvcGVuaXRzdWIuY29tIiwiYWRkIjoiMjIxLjEzMS4xNjUuNzIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMTE5MDYiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsImlkIjoiMmNjMTUzMjYtY2QwZi0zNGRhLWJiZmItZjhjZGM5YjcxZWIyIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsInRscyI6IiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxMCDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6InBybzAxLm15MTE4OC5vcmciLCJwb3J0IjoiMzIxMyIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsImhvc3QiOiIlN0IlMjJIb3N0JTIyOiUyMmF1MDEuaWVwbC5uYnNkLnVzJTIyJTdEIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxMSDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImluMDIubXkxMTg4Lm9yZyIsInBvcnQiOiI2MzA1MSIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2hscyIsImhvc3QiOiIlN0IlMjJIb3N0JTIyOiUyMm11Z3VhLWluMDEuYWlycG9ydC12Mi5jb20lMjIlN0QiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxMiDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImluMDIubXkxMTg4Lm9yZyIsInBvcnQiOiI2MzA2OSIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsImhvc3QiOiIlN0IlMjJIb3N0JTIyOiUyMm11Z3VhLXVzMDMuY292aWQxOS5yaXAlMjIlN0QiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxMyDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImluMDIubXkxMTg4Lm9yZyIsInBvcnQiOiI2MzA3MSIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsImhvc3QiOiIlN0IlMjJIb3N0JTIyOiUyMm11Z3VhLXJ1MDEubXluMWRlcy5jb20lMjIlN0QiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxNCDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6IjExMS40NS4yMi4yNDYiLCJwb3J0IjoiMTYxMjkiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsImlkIjoiZjFkMzlmZTEtYmZhMy0zNGZmLTg2YTItMjkyNTBhZjAzMTgzIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsInRscyI6IiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxNSDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImluMDYubXkxMTg4Lm9yZyIsInBvcnQiOiI2MzA4NyIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL211Z3VhIiwiaG9zdCI6IiU3QiUyMkhvc3QlMjI6JTIyc2ctYmFsYW5jZXIudGVuY2VudC5iZXN0JTIyJTdEIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxNiDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImRhdGEtaGstdjEuaGVpc2V5LmNuIiwicG9ydCI6IjUwMjA1IiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJpZCI6ImIxNDc4ZTI0LTQ5MTYtM2FiZS04ZjE3LTE1OTMxMDEyZWNiZSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvaGxzL2NjdHY1cGhkLm0zdTgiLCJob3N0IjoiJTdCJTIySG9zdCUyMjolMjJ0di5jY3R2LmNvbSUyMiU3RCIsInRscyI6IiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxNyDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6InY2LmhlZHVpYW4ub25saW5lIiwicG9ydCI6IjMwODY2IiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJpZCI6ImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvb29vbyIsImhvc3QiOiIlN0IlMjJIb3N0JTIyOiUyMnY2LmhlZHVpYW4ub25saW5lJTIyJTdEIiwidGxzIjoiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxOCDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImluMDIubXkxMTg4Lm9yZyIsInBvcnQiOiI2MzAxNCIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL21nIiwiaG9zdCI6IiU3QiUyMkhvc3QlMjI6JTIybXVndWEtdXMwMS5jb3ZpZDE5LnJpcCUyMiU3RCIsInRscyI6InRscyJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAxOSDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6InBybzAxLm15MTE4OC5vcmciLCJwb3J0IjoiMzE4MyIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsImhvc3QiOiIlN0IlMjJIb3N0JTIyOiUyMmRlMDEuY29udGFiby5uYnNkLnVzJTIyJTdEIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyMCDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6InBybzAxLm15MTE4OC5vcmciLCJwb3J0IjoiMzE1MyIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsImhvc3QiOiIlN0IlMjJIb3N0JTIyOiUyMnVrMDEtaWVwbC5uYnNkLnVzJTIyJTdEIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyMSDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6IjMuc2cuenoueHh4eHgueC10LWZ1Y2t3b3JkLm5ldHdvcmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiMzY2NzkiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsImlkIjoiMjQ0ZWZmZDktMDIwNC0zYzRhLTg1MzctMGRjYTRlNWZkOWI1IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwiaG9zdCI6IjMuc2cuenoueHh4eHgueC10LWZ1Y2t3b3JkLm5ldHdvcmsiLCJ0bHMiOiIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyMiDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImluMDIubXkxMTg4Lm9yZyIsInBvcnQiOiI2MzA0MSIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL21nIiwiaG9zdCI6IiU3QiUyMkhvc3QlMjI6JTIybXVndWEtYnIwMS5jb3ZpZDE5LnJpcCUyMiU3RCIsInRscyI6InRscyJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyMyDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6IjIyMS4xMzEuMTY1LjcyIiwicG9ydCI6IjkwNDEiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsImlkIjoiMmNjMTUzMjYtY2QwZi0zNGRhLWJiZmItZjhjZGM5YjcxZWIyIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsInRscyI6IiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyNCDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6IjExMS40NS4yMi4xMzYiLCJwb3J0IjoiMTYxMTQiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsImlkIjoiZjFkMzlmZTEtYmZhMy0zNGZmLTg2YTItMjkyNTBhZjAzMTgzIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsInRscyI6IiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyNSDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6IjExNi4xMjkuMjU0LjYiLCJwb3J0IjoiOTAyOCIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiIyY2MxNTMyNi1jZDBmLTM0ZGEtYmJmYi1mOGNkYzliNzFlYjIiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJob3N0IjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyNiDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6IjExMS40NS4yMi4yNDYiLCJwb3J0IjoiMTYxMTUiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsImlkIjoiZjFkMzlmZTEtYmZhMy0zNGZmLTg2YTItMjkyNTBhZjAzMTgzIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsInRscyI6IiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyNyDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImluMDIubXkxMTg4Lm9yZyIsInBvcnQiOiI2MzAwNCIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsImhvc3QiOiIlN0IlMjJIb3N0JTIyOiUyMm11Z3VhLWtyMDEuY292aWQxOS5yaXAlMjIlN0QiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HqPCfh7NDTiAyOCDihpIgb3Blbml0c3ViLmNvbSIsImFkZCI6ImluMDIubXkxMTg4Lm9yZyIsInBvcnQiOiI2MzA4NiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJlYzkwOGU1NS0yNWY1LTNkYTUtOWQwYi0zZTRkMjBmYTFhM2IiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL211Z3VhIiwiaG9zdCI6IiU3QiUyMkhvc3QlMjI6JTIyanAtYmFsYW5jZXIubXluMWRlcy5jb20lMjIlN0QiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+Hr/Cfh7VKUCA1IOKGkiBvcGVuaXRzdWIuY29tIiwiYWRkIjoianAtMDQudGlrdG9rY2RuLnNicyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsImlkIjoiYmNkNTM5M2EtM2JlZC00MjAwLTk1N2YtNTgzMmI0ZTg0NzJiIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsIm5ldCI6IndzIiwicGF0aCI6Ii90bnBqdndzIiwiaG9zdCI6IiU3QiUyMkhvc3QlMjI6JTIyanAtMDQudGlrdG9rY2RuLnNicyUyMiU3RCIsInRscyI6InRscyJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HsPCfh7dLUiAxIOKGkiBvcGVuaXRzdWIuY29tIiwiYWRkIjoiZnVsbGFjY2Vzc3Rva29yZWFubmV0c3Vibm9kZTEuYXp1cmV3ZWJzaXRlcy5uZXQiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJpZCI6IjI3NGYxMWM2LWY2OWItNDBiOS04OTY2LWYzOWUwNmU5N2JlNyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvd3MiLCJob3N0IjoiJTdCJTIySG9zdCUyMjolMjJmdWxsYWNjZXNzdG9rb3JlYW5uZXRzdWJub2RlMS5henVyZXdlYnNpdGVzLm5ldCUyMiU3RCIsInRscyI6InRscyJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoi8J+HuvCfh7hVUyA1IOKGkiBvcGVuaXRzdWIuY29tIiwiYWRkIjoidXM2YjMxLW5vZGUuYWlxaWNoZTEyMy5jb20iLCJwb3J0IjoiODE5MCIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwiaWQiOiJhOTA1OTdjMS1iYWIzLTQyMTctYWQ2Zi0wODM4Njc1Yzg2NTMiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJob3N0IjoidXM2YjMxLW5vZGUuYWlxaWNoZTEyMy5jb20iLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMifQ==
